So the ARC workshops that we're doing, thank you so much for being part of them.
Thanks for having me be a part of them.
So they want me to do two of them in the spring. So they want me to do it at that site and the new site. Okay.
And honestly, putting the workshops together, Elizabeth and I have so much fun planning them and it's not really trouble and I think I can staff them.
But the registration is really cumbersome. They use a Google form that they, so they have an interest form that comes through Google forms and goes into an Excel sheet.

It looks like a spreadsheet, what we're getting. The spreadsheet isn't really where people are registering. They're ending up registering on my website. The Google form made people think that they were registered when they filled out the form. That was one issue. Once they filled out the form, then I had to email them and their service refs and their caregivers, and give them all of the information for this screening tool that they have to fill out for funding.

And then, oh, found us. Yay. Okay, let me show you. Okay, so, and then...

Okay, I think this is gonna work. Okay, can you see my screen? Yes, yes. All right. Here's what the spreadsheet looks like. Right. And then they have rosters. And then this is the roster. It's a nightmare. And then I have different colors because some people aren't filling out the waiver. Some people aren't.

Filling out the screening tool. We have to take notes on this totally old school, cumbersome document. So it's been hours and hours of time and really tough. So my thought is, what if we create a portal, kind of a registration portal where there's, there's on, even on my website, like want to register for the, our place.

Social rec, here's how you register and remember we talked about like there can be hidden events. Maybe it's not an event Maybe it's a private event, right? Yeah But we have them, we have three parts to, here, I think I can stop this share. We have three parts to where,

When they go in the portal, it's like, okay, fill out the interest form, check. That's done. You've completed this part. Have your service coordinator fill out the screening tool. Here's a link. Have them sign this. When they have completed the screening tool. Yeah. Register on our website. And once those two things are checked, something pops up and says, now you're ready to register on the website.

And they get the link to the website and they just register to the website. Could we do something like that? Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Okay. I think the goal is, yeah, I just need to know. What you want, what you're looking for. So they might come to your website. So you want them to fill out the Google form that already exists.

I mean, if there's another way to collect information, that's great too. They just want to collect that information. And maybe what we do is we have a separate client Maybe it goes into our regular client management resource, but the problem is I'm co-branding with the ARC and they want that information too. Okay, and they want it in an Excel sheet. They don't need it. That's just the only way that they know how to do it.

Okay, so we presented a way where we both had access kind of like with I use a new waiver platform waiver file. Yeah, because it's HIPAA compliant. And they're fine with that, because we both can access the information. So I think like, as long as we're, we set something up where we both

I think we can totally do something. Because I mean, you're kind of you mentioned. Fill out a Google form, have the service coordinator fill out a screening tool, you would send them the link, and then you register on your website. Do you already have a way to register on your website? I do. I just have it up as a regular event, but what we could do is we could have it as kind of a hidden event, which I'm not totally sure. Maybe in our next phone call, you can remind me how to make events hidden and...

Promo codes particular yeah, but we could just make it like that and I know I know you have another meeting coming up And you might need to prep so Yeah, okay. So yeah, so I think like that is what I'm looking for, because then that way we're working with two different...

Facilities and two different sets of clients with the arc, right? Yeah. Yeah. And that's not a problem for me to run whatsoever, but the registration was, it's still a nightmare. Like I still don't really have a centralized way to communicate with people.

So I don't mind doing it through Eventbrite like we always do, but I think it should be kind of a hidden thing. And if there's a way for us to figure out how to have them be able to RSVP through Eventbrite without paying each time. Like I'm going to be able to make this date so that we know that would be good. I've done that before with run clubs and stuff where

And I tried to do that with this, but the problem was they were RSVP-ing somehow the way I set it up. I don't know if I set that up properly, but I can look into that even on my own on Eventbrite as long as I know how to make it a private event. But I just want them to be able to access the private event.

register on Eventbrite so that we can be taking attendance so that when people check people in and I'm not there because I'm probably not going to be there for all of these. They can go on Eventbrite like they do now at my other events, and they can see like, oh, the photo waiver was signed. And they don't have any allergies, you know, so that when they're got the name tags, they can highlight it if they don't want photos and they can write the allergies on it, you know?

So just simple like that, I think, and then that way, I'm not emailing people back and forth. It's just, here's what you got to do, and... All of the information is right there in that portal. Yeah, yeah, we can totally um Put something together like that go right ranging from something as simple as just having

a list there to check off like you're describing or something where we have an entire Like everything is done through this portal where instead of going to a google sheet or a Google form, everything would be filled out on the portal. You would get the link from the portal. You send it to them. Once the service coordinator fills out the...

Oh, here's a link to this. Here's a link to that. Here's a link to this. Yeah, and do you think we should keep registration on Eventbrite? Or do you think there's a way to have a separate registration that's easier than Eventbrite?

That's a good question.

It has been edited to include proper punctuation. Multiple days. Yeah, so both of them are going to be Five session workshops, but that retail center is funding for one time. So they have one cost regardless of whatever workshops you attend. But it's not a problem if we have the same list of people every time.

On Eventbrite, it's not a problem because we have all that information each time. I guess the question is, what is the advantage for you to use Eventbrite for this?

Well, I guess one one advantage would be that it's all of the if we figure out a way where when people are registering with Eventbrite it's definitely going to my My mailing lists, they're on my mailing list for stay social too, which is legit because I, I can do that because I have a co-branding.

If this populates on my website and it goes to my list anyway, that's fine with me. I guess Eventbrite, I know how Eventbrite works. That's comfortable, but if there's another way that works just as easily where my people who are working the events can log into something and see oh, there's no allergies and

That's my thought. Maybe I can show you a little bit, quickly, kind of what I've been working on and see kind of... If this is something you're looking... Also, one more question. When is the date of these events? These upcoming events? When would you need a portal?

Well, they're gonna they're gonna start in January. Oh January. Okay, but we are gonna push out the information probably like November December so we have more time. Okay this time. So is this the high this is the high Is this the highest priority thing on your? list right now for in terms of

Software is the other the other stuff we've been talking about a higher priority because Sorry, I Feel like they're both kind of hyper this Kind of Yeah, I just need the other ones done by the new year so that we think of a way that people just have a bank for their funding and I'm going to change my pricing somehow, push that out in the new year. Okay. Yeah. This, it probably would have to be done kind of priority because...

Yeah. They're going to want to send this out as soon as possible because it's a new location. And they want to make sure, because it takes time for people to get funding and in touch with their regional center reps and the third party. So, I feel like they're both, they both as soon as you do them, but maybe this one first. And if you have like a mock-up for me, then when I meet with them, I can.

Ask them does this look good because we're gonna have a link for the waiver Okay, they have to fill out their waiver before they actually register They have to have the screening tool started by the regional center app and they have to give us their information to begin with

And I don't, it should be in all these different places. Like it shouldn't be on Google docs and then transferred here and in email.

that's definitely a mess. And I think we could, we could get it. Into one thing, would you be able to allow me to share my screen really quick? 

So we can kind of log in So, let me see Oh, you're saying working on with the other project. Yeah, but but I think a lot of what i'm doing here there's going to be some overlap between Perfect. What could be done here and what could be done with this other project. So I guess like, cause what I'm thinking about right now, this is just, I don't have access to the data that's in your systems, but.

I kind of have it where there's a list, say, of clients. Right now it's just populated with multiple people with the same name just because I don't have the list of your clients. But you would be able to click on a client and all their information would be in one spot, right?

So like, all their activity, what events do they sign up for, what invoices do they have, right, how much funding do they have available. I don't know if I've already showed you all this. So my idea would be that you have something like this and what you're saying, someone could log in, easily kind of search up a client. Let's say we're looking for, I don't know, Emma.

Right now I just have a lot of the same name just to populate it, but you would be able to search through, let's say, whoever is working on the event. Real quick, I have a quick question. Are these girls that you have crushes on? All the information like photo, are they, do they allow photos, photo release, signed? Yeah. So what I have made here is more for that general.

purpose, what we were talking about before, right? That's just a CRM where we have all the clients and what they're linked to, right? Are they linked to events, invoices, payments, and then your kind of notes. You have, I mean, obviously right now I don't have it connected to anything. Notes are really good too. Would the notes be uploading from what we put in Eventbrite? Because there's just... So I have to look at exactly what is allowed between, I know you said you're putting these notes down in like QuickBooks.

Yeah, our notes on funding are in QuickBooks, but I'd also like to be able to pull, if possible, pull notes from Eventbrite, because Eventbrite, there's a... It's a way to take notes for each event on that person, like if there was an issue or the people running the events could write, so-and-so had a conflict with this person, we talked about it this way, like it's a way for me to have record of things that go on when I'm not there.

The notes to QuickBooks are more about funding. And the Eventbrite is going to be by event for each client. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we could, we could make this section into, um, you know, Eventbrite, QuickBooks, or maybe funding. By events and so we could pull it in from those other tools and you could also write it directly into here But I just need to see exactly i'm trying to look like funding and client management

Yeah. Okay. You know? Yeah. Okay. And then that's the place that we could put like any incident reports or communications, stuff like that. Yes, so we could do that for sure. Yeah, I mean, I'll have to see exactly what Eventbrite and QuickBooks allows, but I think they allow a lot of pulling the data like that.

And so it might be slightly different the way that it would work say for what you're describing this this um portal for the ark specifically but maybe in Could we possibly just create? like a section for the ARC. So the clients go, they go into like an ARC client management section, but they still go to the main database. If we want to pull everyone in the database, we could. But- That's my thought is that there would be.

So I kind of have these different groupings right now. My thought would be there's something specific to the ARC. So the way that we're searching clients now, it's searching, say, But the way that it would be in the ARC is it's everything relevant to the ARC. And if you need to see everything about the client that's not within the ARC, you could also do that as well.

Like search the entire thing. Got it. Yeah, so my thought is... How could I give access to the ARC without them seeing my entire database? Yeah, so I have that set up. I have it set up already where... There's different levels of authentication. So there's like admin. So like you or anyone that you want in your company that.

can access everything. I also, I can set up a level where it's like they can't access everything. They can only access this ARC dashboard. And that's it. Oh, that's perfect. Yeah. And I also. There's like a level for clients where a client could, well, I don't have anything that the client does yet, but just- Well, maybe though, I wonder if it could be where we're allowing the client into this portal.

Yeah, they get the portal So that the only thing they do is fill out the interest like i'm interested in this. Here's blah blah blah blah And then it sends them a passcode to the portal or something. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's the idea, is being able to have them log in to.

I know we discussed previously signing up for events on your website, and now filling out this form, we want to have them probably log in. So that they can fill it out. And then that will be connected to their client. This would be great, too, because so the arc, can we break it down to different events of the arc?

Like our place, Chula Vista, our place downtown, our place San Marcos, like the different workshops. Would that be possible under the arc? Yeah, we should be able to do that. Yes. Okay. So I'll talk about the events because I also have it where you can, there's like an events kind of screen as well. So there's like this, you can click on a client.

We also have it where you can click on, let's say, an event and see everything about that event. Got it. So it'll be broken down into events and you can see like who... So the way that we might want it is actually the way I have it set up now where...

It's events and you can go to the attendees below, search through, obviously I don't have anyone, I don't have anyone signed up for events yet. I can kind of mock that up. But that would automatically populate from Eventbrite. Yes, yes, exactly. That's the goal.

And so like what you're saying, having it for multiple events of the ARC, not maybe different locations, that's exactly what you're saying. How I would want to have it set up is where each event you would go within that event and search

Okay. Tom, just stay on. I'll tell you when it's coming. Okay, sorry, Spencer. Yeah, no worries. Is there anything else that you... Before I head out, is there anything else that you want to say or? No, maybe I'll send you an email or your AI assistant might have taken it all down, but I could just send you an email with what I think would be like.

Okay. The necessary steps in the portal. Okay. Like, if our screening tool, would that help you? Yeah. I mean, I have it. I have that noted down, but if there's more than what we discussed in the, in, like today, in today's session. Yeah. In this meeting, then feel free to send it over. I can also send you kind of what I have, and you can let me know if that looks good to you. Okay, perfect. Yeah.

Tom, it says that your Lyft driver is there. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you. Sorry so much, sir. No worries. No worries. That's Thomas. I got to get him places in life, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for taking the time. Let's schedule something for next week maybe. Yeah, I'll follow up with you after this meeting. Alright, take care.