Well, hello. How are you?

I'm doing well. How are you? Ah, good.

Another week and I'll be a normal person again.

Are they still doing all the work on the house?

Yeah, the entire upstairs is downstairs. Okay. Yeah, but it's all right. It's all pretty good in the end. Okay, so So I wrote some questions so that I could just have them all in one spot. Getting better. I'm trying to like troubleshoot on my own, you know, and I'm definitely getting more people acclimated. I've just been like anyone who emails, I try to figure out their situation with them. I have a few...

Let me go to my notes.

Sorry, one moment. I'm just going to grab some headphones really quick.

Sure, sure. Hey, Tom, can you turn that off? Because I can still hear it. I can still hear that. Turn it off, please. It's too loud. There's two accounts. Here sorry one sorry one sorry I'm so sorry though. Hello?

Okay, that's better, sorry. Yeah, yeah, I can hear you, sorry. All right. Yeah. Yeah, let me go to portal 9. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. OK, because the user's already created, I believe that's the issue there. So if we go to, yeah, so basically there's a user with that email already is what that means. Yeah. Yeah, so yeah, you might want to search up that email specifically that it was, I think it was like two wellness something.

Because what it's saying is it's basically saying you can't create a user that already exists. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Let me see. Yeah, let me see, because I thought I saw-Ooh, well. Yeah, it's Tori Kofler is the account here. I don't know why it's not-I don't know why it's not showing up. It has that email. Try refreshing the page, maybe. I don't know. Or is there a space there in the search? I don't know.

It should be... Yeah, it should be showing up because I just typed in that email. And it shows up. I think maybe there was a space. You have a space before the two. I think that's the issue. Maybe I should. That's something good to know. I'll make it where that still works. That probably makes sense, yeah. Yeah, you can erase the user, yeah. So you want to send an invite in order for them to be able to sign up for the portal.

What do you mean? Well, the mom had said awaiting registration, so it didn't look like she was registered either. Yeah. Assuming that's the correct email, yes. okay well then yeah then she should have gotten that email she should be able to make an account now Yeah. Good. Okay. All right. Yes, that's been fixed. Yeah, yeah, you can test it. Yeah, you should be able to test that out for yourself. Yeah.

Oh, one thing-I mean, sorry, are you still logged in on the portal? Sorry, I just can't see it on the screen. Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, let's do this first and then I'll, yeah, okay. So we're logged in as Tom. Well, so this is Tom. It's not gonna work because he's covered by the membership. So you're not gonna be able to tell that it's three tokens. I mean, I think it'll show the price as three tokens if you click on the event, but it's not going to deduct tokens because he's a gold member.

Do you want it what Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it'll send an email. Okay. You can use the test client information. So you can log in as the test client. So it's just username is test client. No space Then the password is just that same thing, testclient1. Yeah. So you gotta refresh the page. Okay, I gotta figure this out too since now that you're logging into multiple accounts. Yeah, just-yeah, OK. So yeah, sorry.

So long. Yeah, so you can see it's three tokens. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Mm-hmm. Oh, this is perfect too, because you'll be able to also see how there's done questions now. So yeah. Yeah. See, so now we have those conditional questions. That's another thing we were talking about. Yeah, so that is working now. Well, that's sent to their email. That's also showing up here. It's not going to get sent to the guest email.

That's not going to happen because The way that the questions are configured is it's just getting input of text. And it probably doesn't really make sense to send it to the guest email just because That's not what the order form is for. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, Yeah. Yeah. Yes, they should have three tokens taken off. Yes. Yeah, I guess we're not entirely sure. But what we can do is we can look back and see.

I mean, it might make sense for me to do that just because it's kind of my problem. I don't know. It shouldn't be happening again because it's... It's been fixed, so maybe I should kind of go back and make sure. So I'm going to add that to my... I'm going to add that to my... Because I just think... Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's a couple big things that I wanted to show you that got added since the last time we talked.

I don't know. So I think you already did this merging of two clients. Is that right? Okay, because I want to know if there's any duplicates in the system, it would be nice to... Look, I don't know if you're aware of any duplicates in the system. Okay, perfect. Let's find it. OK, portal notes. Yeah, I'm in the document. Okay. Okay, there's two. Perfect. Perfect. This is perfect So there's not two users, but there are two clients.

So yeah, this is perfect. So if we go to clients, yeah, I want to show you something. Clients, yeah, just type in either Oliver or Ollie, whichever one. Okay, so let's click on him. Or her? Sorry, her. I don't... Okay, so do you see there's a merge button in the top right? OK, so there's a Merge button. So essentially this thing that QuickBooks does with the merge, we can basically merge Ollie and Oliver together into one.

So Just a little note on how this works. It's gonna merge. So I don't know which email is the correct email. It looks like Ali has a phone number and an email, whereas Okay. Okay. Okay, it might make sense because what's gonna happen on this merge is that it's gonna, whatever you're merging into is gonna retain that contact information and whatever you're merging from It is going to append like there's like that QuickBooks notes.

It is going to put onto the notes like what changes were made. But it's going to, it's going to, um, It's going to basically replace the, it's going to get rid of whatever you're merging from that contact information. It's going to retain the client you're merging into, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see. Okay. Perfect. Mother is more specific. I mean, it's probably-yeah. More specific the better.

All right. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, so maybe we should merge into that. So if you click on merge Yeah, what you're going to want to do is-so you're going to want to merge to this one. So maybe we'll set merge to as Ali. Not Oliver. So merge two. Set this one to Oli, the one that you're about to set here.

Wait, we want merge from Oliver.

Yeah, we wanna merge from Oliver into Ali.

Why? Because this OLLI, if you look at it, OLLI has the contact information for OLLI. Right. Got it. Oliver has the old contact information. So, okay, yeah, we should be able to do this merge. This is the first time I'm actually seeing this. Okay, so I think it worked. Um. You see that the tokens changed we got the caregiver it looks like we have two caregivers there and Um... So maybe Michelle was already a caregiver.

Yeah, we can just cancel one of them. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And then so I don't know. I don't know if there's any notes. Like if you go to the notes or any other tabs here, it should all merge into one thing. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Apparently, yeah. It looks like, yeah. You can change the name to Oliver. Yeah. I don't know if there's anything really to tell her. I mean, I guess I don't really know. Yeah, the login credentials should not have changed.

Yeah. Yeah, the login credentials should not have changed. Correct. Yeah. Okay. I just want to bring up while we're doing this is you have that Control J up there. Right? So I actually added an AI assistant into the CRM. So I thought this would be helpful. I'm actually really excited about this because you ask me questions throughout the week and I think that This AI assistant should be able to help you a lot.

I don't know if you can pull up the Ctrl J menu really quick. It's still going to work like before, but let's say for example, you could ask how does merging work or something. You could just type it in. So you could have typed it. So right, yeah, you can type it here, but you also could have typed it right into that same box as before. Right, so you can say like, how does merging work, for example, right?

And then it's going to tell you how to merge and what merging actually does. So I think this could be helpful for kind of asking, like, how do I do this? How do I do that? If this doesn't give you an answer, then you can't really understand what it's telling you, then maybe. reach out to me. But I think that a lot of these kind of questions about like, you know, how do I do this might be able to be answered by that.

Does it make sense?

Let's see. Yeah.

Okay, this is a good test case. Let's see. That's what it says. So you can leave that up on the screen and kind of go like email. Right. Yeah, I'm not sure. Let's see. So if we go to the email page, we go to smart lists. So it's at yeah, it's event participants right now. So I'd have to update it to say, yeah, event. stuff Okay. Yeah. Okay. So we can add a smart list for event staff. Yeah, we can do that.

Go to this event, email the staff.

Yeah, and the goal, I think, I don't know if this is something you're kind of interested in. But I think like it might... I don't know how much of a process it's going to be. So I don't want to make any promises, but we could even have that basically eventually say like to the AI, make a smart list for event staff and it could create the smart list for you, right? Or like do actions within the CRM for you.

That's basically actually what like the company that I'm starting, that's essentially what we're doing is like creating these kinds of AI systems Yeah, Keeper, Finding, On-A-Owner are just doing actions that you need, right? So it's like, it's called agentic AI. So we're kind of getting agents to do things for you. So I was just kind of messing with this. I mean, it took like not very long at all to implement this feature into the CRM.

And so I'm wondering, yeah, if we could-Uh, yeah, yeah, you're good. OK. Yeah, I don't know if that's something that you are interested in. Maybe it's something we can talk about a little more down the line because-Exactly, yeah, exactly. That's, yeah, exactly. No, I know I know Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Don't feel bad about asking me questions about it. Yeah. I mean, I want to make sure.

OK. Yeah, that would be easy to add that. Yeah, so I can add that. Okay. Yeah, I can see it. Mm-hmm. Yeah Yeah, so it does look like it didn't add. So what was the-Yeah, so I'm wondering-Yeah, what was that invoice that was created? Let me see if I can check the... So that was on March 4. Oh, March 11th today, okay. On 6/37. Yeah 6:37 PM invoice create. We got this. for So what was the name on QuickBooks?

I see amount 900, social recreation activities, Yeah, I see. What is the item that you're-I see sales. I don't know. So we don't have that. I think that's the issue is that it's not labeled under, Funding, funding is the word that is needed, right? Funding. So yeah, what is the-OK. Yeah. Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

Sorry, I don't see it, but yeah, I don't know if you know. Okay, okay, okay. You're good, you're good. Yeah, no worries. So yeah, the question is if we want to add sales, we can add sales. as a thing. Well, if this is already your system, then we can just add it where it reads sales. Okay. Okay, call it self-determination funding. You would just, you have to add a product. So you should be able to do it through there if you scroll down.

You just have to add a new product to your inventory. up maybe. Maybe if you just try and add new. There you go. Yeah. So just let me know what it's going to be called. And then, yeah, we can go ahead and change it to whatever you need. Category just adds as like a little thing to the end. So it'll say like whatever self-determination and funding colon whatever. So you don't have to worry about that.

You know what? Okay. Okay, okay. Yeah. So it's going to be called-because let's find the exact thing. It's gonna be on that, if you click on product service, You'll see Yeah, I don't even know where the 3-3 went either. Okay. So the funding is for self-determination in the self or sorry, this is, Funding is for social. Wait, wait. So... Yeah. Okay, so why is this one called social recreation events?

Okay, okay. Okay, okay. If you're going to have to go, yeah, you're going to have to go, you're going to have to get X out of this page and go to your inventory on QuickBooks. So no, you can just x out. Yeah, you're good. Yeah, save. Yeah, there you go. So he's supposed to... So you'll have to go to Accounting, maybe Accounting? It's Inventory, there it is, All Apps. Go up to all apps So on the left side, there's like nine, like a three by three grid of dots.

And then yeah, it says inventory. And then yeah, just go ahead and click on inventory. And then you should be able to see your inventory. So you can go down, you're on the overview, go down one tab on the left side to inventory. Yeah. And then you can search up whatever you're looking for and edit it through this page. No. No. Yeah, we don't use this premium event, right? Because we're just going to do three-because we're just going to tokens entirely.

Yeah, so it's yeah, yeah. No, we don't use silver membership. So it's not going to be updated yet, but we're going to, I think we're just going to have to manually do it yet. Cause I'm working on it right now, but I have to put it. It's I've to push the change. Because it's just not updated right now. But what happens is on creation of the invoice, our system gets that signal on creation. And so since creation already happened, And it was not one of the names that we're recognizing.

We didn't add tokens. So it needs to be on the creation because we don't want to just be constantly syncing. We want it to just be one event happens, one thing happens. So, so as long as we know, as long as we're clear going forward that these are the particular I have, let me, let me just list off exactly what I have just to be entirely sure we have. funding fees self-determination funding and then we have gold membership for one month gold month gold membership for three months and gold membership for six months those are the only things from QuickBooks that we're recognizing in the CRM everything else is is not being recognized at all.

Oh, there is 10 class pass being recognized as 10 tokens as well. That is being recognized. Bowling club is not being recognized because we're just paying for that with tokens. So if we want it, we can add it. but it's not being recognized right now as adding tokens. Like we're not adding tokens for bowling club because they would just basically sign up for the club using 10 tokens. So any club, they're just signing up with the particular number of tokens.

that that club costs through the portal, Well, it's not going to show it. So you would invoice the number of tokens that they want to purchase. We don't have to worry about invoicing by event. All we have to do is worry about tokens and the tokens. Because that's all we need to worry about is just one currency tokens or gold membership if they want a membership. So there's tokens and there's membership.

We don't have to have different invoices. Yes, exactly. Self-determination funding would be invoiced and it would be however many units of that you assign to the invoice on QuickBooks is how many tokens they're going to get in our system. Yeah. Okay. Um... I don't think it's going to let you, but just because you've probably already invoiced it and just for record keeping purposes, it's probably not going to let you erase it.

You can make it inactive. Yeah, you can make these things inactive. Yeah, it's just not going to let you delete because for like tax purposes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you can make anything inactive. that you're not using. Right? Whatever you're not using, you can go ahead and do that. Yeah. Exactly, yes. Sales is not recognized as anything. So unless you use it for another purpose, that's not tokens, you don't need it.

Okay, just know that if you use sales, it's not, Yeah, silver membership's not recognized. Okay. update his number of tokens however many he got So Manage balance, sorry, that's not on that page. 900 divided by 75. Yeah, it is 12. Yeah, so manage-yeah, yeah, there you go. So plus 27. Yeah, so let me make sure it's pushing. The server is going to restart. So it's going to be like 30 more seconds and then.

Yeah. Yeah. Go look at QuickBooks. Yeah, Adam. No, no, no, no. It does go to QuickBooks. It does go to QuickBooks. But I was going to say, add something here and you can verify for yourself that it goes back to QuickBooks. It goes both ways. So QuickBooks goes both ways. The place that doesn't go both ways is Eventbrite. Yeah. Yeah, all notes will go. Yeah, you can verify for yourself. Maybe it makes sense to just verify for yourself so you can see how that looks.

Yeah. But yeah, it should be able to. Yeah, dude do that. OK, yeah, that's a great, great idea. It's a great idea. I can't, sorry, I can't see it. Yeah, sorry. I can't see it. Yeah. Okay, can you expand the entire, yeah, let me see, let me see. So this is Jared Zimmerman. Added to it.

That's a good question.

So can you expand the entire notes? What does the entire thing look like? Yeah, yeah. Oh, that is? Okay. Excuse me, everyone. So we're missing this, this So I'm trying to, can you like drag that in the bottom right corner? Can you like drag it big? Yeah. I just want to compare against what we have and see what's missing. So it's the three one thing and then the three.

Let's see.

Okay, can you write something on QuickBooks really quick or just click save? Let's see. So OK, I just want to see if we're getting that, or if we're actually getting that information or not. OK, yeah, I'm not seeing-yeah, no worries, no worries. Okay, notes were updated. It's 2:01. Yeah, we can test the invoice. The notes, I'm gonna have to see why that's not working exactly. Yeah, you can try the sync.

Maybe that would help. Yeah, you can click sync and see if that fixes it but it should you shouldn't have to do that though that's the thing Yeah. Yeah, you shouldn't have to sync it though. So it shouldn't matter how old the sync is. So I had to figure out why that's not... Working out, yeah. I mean, I'm somewhat familiar with QuickBooks. But yeah, we, I mean... Yeah. In QuickBooks? Recurring invoices on play.

Recurring transactions. Yeah, I don't know. I use-because I don't use QuickRank. QuickBooks to manage invoices. I only use QuickBooks basically to track accounting. So invoices I do through Stripe. So I don't know, I'm not exactly familiar with that. process. Yeah. Yeah, so that's for, wait, let me just see if we can see this in real time. This is for who? Jason. jason okay jason's in right yeah so right now he's at 17 tokens let's see if he ups Yeah, it worked, it worked.

It works. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So let me see. Yeah, let me see. So we should-There you go, okay, viewer, okay, yeah. Okay. Schedule, recurring schedule. Start a is the second interval monthly on the first of each month. So it should be going on the first of each month What do you mean? It always says 1201. You shouldn't have to manually change it. Maybe is it because the template itself has the date already on there?

Can you remove the date off the template? Like you just like X that out and try saving template. So next it is 4, 1. Yeah, I mean, I don't know. You'd have to see... Yeah. Okay. Table contents. Yeah, maybe you don't even need the service data on there. Will they do okay? So interval repeat monthly. So let's see, how do we let's look up. You just probably asked Chad UBT how to set recurring. service each month on Recurring invoice.

Quick. Configure it through recurring templates, settings under lists. Scheduled interval monthly, set the service date. Enter the service date for the first invoice. It says it'll automatically roll it forward each month. So it says it automatically rolls it forward. What makes you say it's not rolling forward? Like if you look at the last, Well, it's saying you should enter it as The first day and then it'll automatically recur every month that you want it to.

and Well, what's the first date you sent it? Yeah, you can do 4-1. I mean, it says the start date is that date. Yeah, try setting it to 4:1. Um... You want to watch it? It's only going to let you keep it on that one start day maybe. So yeah, probably because it's the way that it's keeping track of dates for like taxing and stuff, it's not going to let you change it. Be the thing. Um, I mean, I don't know if you have to end it.

Yeah, I'm gonna end it. Okay. So maybe set the service data for, I mean, it says that it should automatically be doing. So I don't know, aside from that.

Yeah, that, yeah.

No, no, no, I'm just trying to add Peace. Add something. Okay. Hmm. Something's not right. Is it a I'm not even going to speak to that one in a minute. That's what it says. That's what the documentation says. I don't know if there's another option that might be overriding that, but as far as I can tell, that's saying that it's going to automatically Put the date a month in advance. or however many months in advance.

Okay. Well, I mean, at the end of the day, it's just, is there anything else that you want to... Because I've got like 30 more minutes, but I don't know if you have anything else to talk about. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Let me make sure it should be. Let me just check the code really quick and make sure that that's... Let me just take a look at it because I'm pretty sure. Mm-hmm. So when the invoice is created, A new authorization?

Yeah, I guess. Okay, the serum does not, let me just see. So now there's no email sent. Yeah, there is no. Okay, there's no email sent right now. All it does is it adds the tokens. Well, yeah, if we want to send out an email, we can. If that's what we want to do. I just don't have it. Because the way that it works is like you would, I'm assuming you would be emailing an invoice off. I guess the email is not technically going to them though.

Right? Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

Some tokens I didn't know. Okay, let's see. So, okay. Sorry. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes, sorry, yeah, it does, it does. So it's when, yeah, it's when... The Yeah, when when it when it is the invoice in our system when the tokens are actually added and is when is when in yeah so it's yeah it'll go out they'll get a notification to The caregiver and the client Not on QuickBooks, but if the email exists in our system or a caregiver exists in our system, they'll get an email.

Then you just gotta add an email into our system. There's really nothing else. Yeah, you'll see in reconciliation, yeah. Yeah, the email is going to go out to the people. If they don't have a profile in our system, Yeah. Yeah, then you'd have to make, yeah, so if you're... We could make it where when they get reconciled in But the thing is when they're getting reconciled in, this is the workflow is that You have to get them to create a user anyway, so that they'll automatically get an email telling them how many tokens they have.

So they shouldn't even get there. They shouldn't get an email anyway if they're not a client yet because they will get an email when you create the user in the CRM. that says, Oh, you have X amount of tokens. Please follow this link to register and... Yada, yada, yada, right? Yeah. Yeah, if you have no emails, if you have no emails at all, you would just-you wouldn't be able-yeah, they wouldn't be able to log in.

Well, you can create the client without the email, But the thing is, they're just not going to get, you're not going to be able to create a user for them. because there's going to be no email for them to receive the login instructions to. You don't have to create them as a user. You can... Create a client without having a user. So a client is just a record in the system And the user is someone that can log into the system.

So, A user, someone that can log into a system might be tied to a client, which is the record. So the user might have a record tied to it. But there's some users that don't have a record tied to it. Like yourself, you aren't a client, but yet you're a user because you can log into the system. Same thing with your staff. Melanie, they are all users that can log in without having a client record attached to them.

Now, if there's a client record, in the system, they might not necessarily have a user attached to them. Users cannot have more than one client. Users can only have one. Yeah. If we want that to happen, it is gonna be a big... It's going to be a larger project than just, it's not just going to be like an hour. That's going to be like. It's going to take a few hours to... We'd have to change the way that the system is designed to allow essentially a caregiver or a facility manager view, right?

Because right now the views are, there's an admin view, which you and I can see. There is the staff view and there is the client view. So the client view is only for one client. So we would essentially have to add a way where you can see multiple clients and register multiple clients for events rather than just one client. Okay, so we could absolutely add the feature. The question is just whetherThat's worth it?

Yeah, we can. Like I'm not saying we can, we can absolutely do that. If you wanna do that, we can absolutely add that in. It's just probably gonna, it's probably, I would estimate between four to eight hours of work for that, which is a little bit more beyond just these quick fixes we're doing. We can absolutely add it if you want. Yeah, they can do that. Yeah, they can do that. Yeah, yeah, that's, that's how, yeah.

Yeah, exactly. Yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No, he shouldn't have to because it'll automatically go to admin email. Okay, yeah Yeah, I'm working on that. Yeah, I'm working on that. That's on my list. Yeah, it's on my to do list. Yeah. Mm-hmm. They will all show up in the portal. Clubs cannot be created in Eventbrite. That's it, that's why. Yeah. So, sorry, what is the question again? You want the clubs to show up on the website.

Yeah, yeah, no, no, no. I'm working on it. It's just, it's something that I have to still figure out. It's something that I'm working on. I'm working on these things, 'cause yeah, it's not something that John's gonna be able to do because it requires basically a connection to the CRM on the back end. So, so I'm just, I just have to get, it's just, I haven't gotten to that on my to-do list yet. It's just something I need to get to.

Yeah. It's gonna get done. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's on my to-do list. It's honestly probably my next priority. It's just not something I'm gonna work on right now because it's gonna require a little more focus. as far as then just being able to do it like quickly on the meeting. But yeah, yeah, yeah. I've got that on the list. Yeah. Yeah. One thing I just want to mention, a lot of questions now should be able to get answered by, I'm not gonna say that all of them are gonna get perfectly answered, but I do think that AI Assistant on the, CRM is going to be very, very helpful.

Like a lot of these things, you can probably copy and paste the question into the AI and it should be able to give you a pretty solid answer. Yeah.

Yes. Yeah.

No, no, no. Some things. Yeah. No, no, no. I'm not saying like, I don't want you to contact me. That's not what I'm trying to say. I'm just saying like, In order for it to be a quicker process, you might be able to expedite how quickly you get things figured out. Obviously, I've kind of told the AI, like, look, if you can't answer the question, say you can't answer the question. And, you know, I'm not saying it's perfect.

I'm not saying the system is going to be perfect, but I think it's going to help I really do and I I don't know, 'cause I tried basically copy and pasting some of these questions in and it does basically give the same answer that I would have given. So I just want to note, like, I think it's really... going to be helpful, hopefully. And it's always available. Yeah, and I'm going to be thinking about other ways that we can kind of, I don't know if you have any ideas in mind.

And this is maybe not something that we need to worry about right now, but just maybe as you keep growing, as you keep having more thoughts of how you want things to be automated, we can have like a lot of AI integration into the system as well, where let's say like the AI just drafts emails, the AI creates a smart list for you. Like you can have it do, because now we're basically at the point where we have a very solid foundation of the platform.

Now we can start saying like, okay, we can start automating things within the platform. Maybe that's not a question of right now. I just want to put it out there that Yeah. Yeah. You should be, yeah. You're gonna get them to the admin. If they request more tokens, you're gonna get the emails to the admin at Stay Social. Again, there is a cool down on that. So there is a cool down on like if they if they're just spamming the button, they can only get request.

It's only going to come to you once a week. Right. Just so you're not super flooded with emails. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I can send you like I'm recording the conversation. I can send you I don't know if you remember, I like send you the notes of the conversation that might be helpful. I don't know. I don't know how much you use. I mean, like literally my whole entire everything I do is all like I have like a I work for everything.

So it's like helpful like to me even just pasting these notes into AI and saying like, oh, What did we say about X? And I already have this notes from the AI. I can query the AI. So it's like, yeah, I recommend, like, I think a lot of stuff, like, think about how you can do things with AI too. It's just something to throw out there. Not even necessarily the AI and the CRM, but in general, I think it's like expedited the way that I work.

massively in a lot of ways and There's so much information to digest that having the ability for the AI to digest it and summarize pieces is very helpful. And that's basically what that thing, that's basically what the AI is doing. It's like it has access to the entire help documentation that I wrote. So maybe it's like, oh, this is overwhelming how much documentation there is. I can just ask a question.

Boom. This is how this works. Yeah. So yeah, just throwing it out there. Yeah. Yeah. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds good to me. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds good to me. All right. Yeah. All right, you too. Bye-bye.