So, I think that the place to start would be to kind of fully explain to you what Stay Social is and what we do. I know you've probably been on our website. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have any questions about what what we do or I mean, not really. As far as I understand, you guys put on events for you.

People with intellectual developmental delays. And I saw kind of your event, Bright. I was going through the events, kind of seeing. If you just have like a if you want to summarize and tell me what you think is important for me That's basically it. We we host events and classes and clubs and

For adults with intellectual disabilities and neurodiversity. So the goals would be to first and foremost to create a social network and provide opportunities for these adults to meet other people that they have. similarities to so that they can make friends, but also to provide them with classes and opportunities to expand their interests and hobbies because a lot of times it's a typical class would be too hard so when they're in school things are adjusted for them.

But now they're not, you know, because they're adults. So our oldest son, I'm sure Steve told you we have seven kids and our oldest son is 26 and he had. He's on the spectrum and slightly on the spectrum, but it's more intellectual disabilities. And so when he got out of...

school years we kind of realized that he needed friends and he needed a way to build a social network. Yeah, yeah. So anyway, so I started Stay Social and it just keeps growing. But the thing that would be important for you to understand is that I have been able to access funding through the regional center. Okay.

for the people who attend my events. So most of the people who come to the events use codes that help them sign up for free. Okay. And so it kind of makes, there's a few things that makes client management a little tricky. One, that typically when you have a client and they're paying,

and registering they're going to register for themselves but a lot of times caregivers are managing their program or taking care of things for them and the other thing is is that it's like paid through a second party. So there's an extra step in there where we're not dealing with the people signing up for the events, we're dealing with getting funding from regional center.

And then the people sign up for events after we access funding and people purchase packages. I see, okay. And do they kind of put a code, like they go and register on Eventbrite and they kind of put in a code in there? I just make up promo codes according to what they purchase.

I see, okay. Yeah, so at this point it's working but there's a lot of steps in the process. So I have an idea. I have to actually get back to a client, her son. Has been authorized to purchase a Gold membership, which is 750 a month for unlimited classes, but there are these two different paths where there is there's in the regional center there's the self-determination path and there's the

Social recreation path. I don't want to give you too much information but with the self-determination path these members they get a budget that they create and And they are in charge of that, and it's any vendor. With the social recreation path, it's people who have stayed on the traditional track of regional center, and they have to go through programs or vendors in regional center.

And so this member is a part of the traditional track, and that traditional track is funded over a six-month period of time. Okay, so they've approved $4,500. For six months, I think. So let me go, I'm going to share with you how, if I get this request from someone, how I'm going to look things up.

Because it'll show you how my systems are just like all over the place it might be and I have to get back to her Yeah, but it might be a good way for you to kind of Look at what's going on. Yeah, yeah, that would be great. All right, I'm going to share my screen. I'm not sure what I have up, but I think everything's probably fine. Okay, let's see.

We can close this. Let's go to Safari.

And then, so first I'm gonna go over here to my stay social email, not that email. Okay, there's your email.

And I'm going to look him up. So his name is Nate Bear. So look up his mom, Jennifer Bear.

Okay, Nate's funding. So I'm going to find this email about his funding.

Typically, okay, so here's the latest funding that came in, but I'll show you where I usually keep this info, but I just wanted to look up where we were at. She sent me this information that from 7-1, so from July through the end of December, he was given $4,500. So he should be on...

He should be on just like his code in Eventbrite, so I'm going to go over now to Intuit. I just wanted to look up because I haven't looked him up in a while. So I'm going to go over to Intuit and I'm going to go into my QuickBooks and I'm going to look up Nate.

So I'm going to go under customers.

You might know that QuickBooks does a better job of client management than I do know about, but here's how I do it on QuickBooks. Nathaniel. He's Nathaniel. Yes.

I'm going to look him up. I can actually see his last invoice. So I haven't invoiced for that yet because I haven't received The authorisation, that was just a management sending me. So I'm going to look at my notes on him. I keep all my notes in QuickBooks. Okay. Under my notes, my last note was 7-7. So all I had to really do was go into QuickBooks because I have it here.

Nate's mom is asking for more funding. He has three golf left and only two regular classes left after I adjusted. So now I need to go in and say, I guess we lost track. So I'm going to go in here and say that I don't know why this is not...

Say that on August 11th, I received a POS. I'm going to go back into here because my notes were not updated. Parts of my Zoom is on the top of my screen. So I'm going to go back into here. I'm going to put the date, 8, what's today? 9, 9-2, a few days behind.

What was that date? 8-11. I don't know.

So now I'm going to go in now. As far as getting the details of the transaction from Regional Center, is there any other way to get it besides a screenshot like that? Yeah, so basically What, yeah, so what happened there was the regional center is super slow on coming, they move super slow. So I don't make people wait for regional center to send me the email, oh I'm about to lose track.

I don't make them wait. I just say, send me a screenshot and I just hook them up. Okay. Okay. Hold on one sec. I'm losing power here. Oh man, okay. Taking all of my power cords. Alright, run. Run.

Oh right, where did it go?

If you have any questions, feel free to email me.

Okay, found one. Sorry about that. No worries, no worries, you're good. Send. Okay. Okay, we're all set. So, um, okay. So now I'm going to take you into Eventbrite. Okay, yeah. So in Eventbrite, my codes follow the same pattern. And I'll go in and it'll be cap his name.

Okay, so here are his codes. He has two, semi-private, which he had three left on, and this ended, I don't know why this ended July 31st. So he had one class, one regular class. This is his name, his first initial, last name, social rec to let me know.

This one is first initial, last name, semi-private. So when he was funded, semi-private, he plays golf with us. So semi-private lessons cost more. So I took some of the funding. So here he has $300 worth of funding left on that code, and he has just $75 left on this code.

I'm going to keep his semi-private because if he doesn't get his funding again. I'm going to keep these two codes going, but I'm going to make him a new code that's unlimited. Interesting. And so you have to go in and manually create these codes every time? Yeah. Okay.

I'm going to make GM gold membership. Wait, I'm going to create this code for gold membership and the gold membership. He basically.

I'm going to, since he hasn't used it yet.

Since he hasn't used it, I'm going to extend his dates by a month.

So instead of it ending, you know, does that make sense? So this is just basically the same code that's about to end? He's getting unlimited. And so... Promotion starts now. Scheduled time ends. I'm going to do six months from September 1st because he hasn't been using his unlimited code, so

October, November, December, January, February, March, right? September, October, no it'll end February. It'll end

You probably don't need to know that, but I'm just showing you how this is really really useful actually to see that Yeah, it takes a lot of steps This but it's important for us to keep track of all this, you know So, um, 228. Yeah, okay.

Okay, so this will be a little more complex with event break. Actually, you know what, I have to edit that because he's not done. Okay. Okay, so now I'm gonna go in, check, make sure my code is established, and we are... It is active. It's unlimited. I'm going to text this mom right now and I'm also going to put it in my QuickBooks notes for today.

Back in notes. Okay, back. Created. And we want to text mom. Yeah. Okay.

Okay. I'm manually putting it.

Okay so now I know I have all the notes from what I'm doing today and they're saving here in QuickBooks. Okay and the other thing is like when someone when I get from Community Interface so So let me just text Jennifer and email Jennifer real quick. Yeah, yeah, okay. Email and text, okay. I'm just, only because she has been texting me, so normally I just email. Okay, normally email, okay. That's... Right? But I'm just gonna text her back saying...

I'm not going to write that it's lasting for six months from... Well, that's just a business thing, but...

Okay, and then I'm going to text Jennifer real quick. But I just wanted to let you see how many steps there are. Yeah, totally. And is this something you're kind of doing pretty often? Every day I'm actually training someone to do these emails.

Okay, that's enough. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you're good, you're good.

Okay, so I just want to show you the different steps. So basically I go between Eventbrite, which might have more client management than I'm aware of or I'm using, I go between because every time on Eventbrite that here let me try to go up here again and show you Eventbrite

And another platform that I just started using, I was doing my waivers through Waiver Forever.

Let me move this control panel down. OK, so on Eventbrite, I can show you some things that might help us with client management. Maybe Eventbrite has more than I'm using. I'm not sure. But for now, it just helps me to keep all my notes in QuickBooks because I know.

that I'm documenting everything and there's a place to look. And then in QuickBooks, we're also able to look and see, okay, I'm pulling up this customer. When was the last invoice? So with the people who are in, there's those two tracks, and I could send this to you, the self-determination and social rack.

For both tracks, you're working with a financial management system, an FMS. Okay. Okay. So for Social REC, the one that's the traditional track with the regional center. That FMS is always Community Interface Services. It's called CIS. They're the ones who send me...

The emails to my billing email that say so and so has been approved for this. Please send us an invoice. Okay. Okay. I have not gotten that email from me yet. But when it does come, I can go into QuickBooks and look up the notes and also look up, oh, when was the last invoice? Okay, we have not invoiced for the 4500.

And I actually went off the manager POS so we can invoice this and it's not double invoicing. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So I feel like that's kind of working well. If there's a better way to keep track of that, or if there's a way to manually... So the other nice thing about doing the codes, that that's working...

And I'm sure there's systems, like even the gal who's coming to work for me to do administrative work, she works for Orange Theory, and she's like, oh, we use this platform. It's almost exactly the same. We have class passes and we have memberships and it keeps track of it for us. And it texts people, you know. So maybe there's platforms that I don't know about because it's not my expertise that this all.

But the areas, so Eventbrite, the reason the promo codes work well, too, is just because people are signing up through Eventbrite. When they cancel, the class goes back on that promo code. You know, so it's all kind of working together there. And so the customer is only interfacing with Eventbrite.

Yeah, I mean they have to they have to obviously get every did they have to get things approved themselves by regional center About through our website, they'll reach out to the email address, like they'll fill out a contact form and on those contact forms, we can have pretty much any information collected too.

We I think we collect like birthday and interests on the website through your website. Right. You have a contact form on social. Yeah. Where does that data get stored? I'm not sure, but I have someone who works with me that you could always meet with. He's really great, who does my website, and he could give you a quick little tutorial of where all that's going. Yeah, that'd be cool.

Yeah, but my goal would be to have a database because right now I don't know when someone writes in or even when we're matching invoices, so when we're in QuickBooks and these invoices are coming in. I'm starting to set up a system in QuickBooks where I know who the FMS is, because it's not like, oh, this invoice is paid, boom, invoice number, like your credit card. The invoice is paid and then we get emails saying this invoice was paid by this FMS, blah, blah, blah.

So when you're matching invoices in QuickBooks, it gets really confusing too because it's like Well, who has this FMS? So I've started to put like on So, for example, Nate doesn't have it but here's some customers that have it so see like Finnegan McCool all right here Arch FMS

So when this is in QuickBooks, when we're matching, oh, this deposit came in from Arch FMS, and here are the ones it's trying to match with, here's the amount. You kind of have a clue, like, oh, it's probably this invoice, right? But you also have to go back and check the billing email to see, to verify.

So that's a really confusing part of it too. And yeah, like this, this situation, let me, I think I want to be like very clear, I guess, on what's happening here. It's Yeah, so they get funding secured through trying to take notes on this. But so they ask me questions any time because it can be confusing. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to really because I think this invoice matching is super, super important to understand what I like for me to understand.

So, they get, they're in contact with the regional center and the regional center will tell them, you've been, will tell them directly that they're approved. And they send you the screenshot of it, but they haven't sent you an email yet. Is that? Like from start to end, I'm trying to outline what happens from start to end.

Yeah, most of the time. OK. So some of the time I just get an email from Community Interface Services saying we have received this. And when that happens, I ask the FMS, can you repeat that? Can you please put me in touch with this client and their family, their caregivers and their regional center representative?

Because I have to let those people know you have received funding if I'm not in touch with them already. Okay, so sometimes it sometimes funding just comes through because regional center knows about me and they're like Oh, we're going to give this person needs social rep. We're going to give them stay social for six months and we're going to fund this much. But I, no one has come to me first. A lot of times the regional center rep will come and say.

Do you guys have space? I'm thinking of doing this for a client. Most times there's a touch base before, but sometimes I get the funding without even... The introduction to the client. Okay, so most of the time so the client will get the client will what sign up through your website. How do they

Either a regional center rep gets my email through the website and emails me through the contact form. So we have like an info at email, which I've been answering, but I'm slowly, I'm trying to train someone to take that over. Yeah, but so when that so you're trying to find like what's our first where's our understanding entire kind of system? Yeah, because in my mind, basically, I guess like maybe I should explain kind of what I'm thinking.

Everything that you're showing me could be automated, right? Everything you're showing me, you don't need to be doing all this manually, right? Like there's like I have like three tools that I could show you right now that we could. Start talking about like automating everything you're doing like I don't know if that would be helpful to you Yes, you would be literally like my favorite person. Yeah, but I I mean yeah because to me it's like this is like

It's like a goldmine of like, wow, I just want to, I just want to fix all this for you. Like, it's so much going on. You're literally sent from God. Like, yeah, I mean. You know, so far I've just been putting together what I can because I'm not techie like you, right? To be able to help people to come with funding like that's been my goal and I've been able to keep track But it's a lot of steps and you can't just look up one person and be like, oh, here's their UCI Here's their FMS.

Here's their blah blah. That's what I need Yeah, so I mean maybe before like I know I'm asking about the details Maybe we don't want to we don't need to get too rough into the like it's specific details every step Maybe we can talk about that later if we want to keep

Moving now go ahead you can tell you can ask me any questions. I'm okay. Yeah, well I think what it might make more sense for me to start asking more big pick like thinking about more big picture like what it is They're looking for if I could, uh, like, can I, can I share my screen really quick and show you kind of some stuff that I'm thinking about here? Yeah, let me just make sure that you have privileges. Hold on.

Oh yeah, it's not. Yeah, I don't. Yeah.

Multiple participants. Here, let me stop my share, but advanced sharing options.

Got it. Okay.

All right, let me stop my share. All right, go for it.

Also to the the waiver the waiver platform that I just had to switch over to. Because it's HIPAA compliant. That also has client management stuff too. Like I'd love to be in a position where I can just text everyone who's going to an event. Send out an automated text, send out an email. I can send out emails for events through Eventbrite right now.

Eventbrite takes a really long time to send emails. Like sometimes it takes several hours because they have to remove every email. And so when you have an event in an hour that's being rained out. You know? Yeah, yeah, we can definitely, um... And I'm like, looking up the people and finding their emails and making an email. It just is a lot. Yeah.

Yeah, that is a lot. Yeah. Yeah, but that's helpful to know because, I mean, there's definitely ways that we can send emails pretty instantly, like automated like that. Like, I mean, we don't even need a service for that. Let's see if we can go to this kind of scenario you were talking about.

Where you had to look up an email, go to QuickBooks, search them up, go back to the email, write it, code. Okay, right because what I'm thinking is we have like there's platforms like this that exist. I don't know if you can see my screen where Let's say something updates on QuickBooks, right? I guess, what was the trigger that happened? You updated something on QuickBooks? Excuse me, one second. No, no, you're good. Take your time, take your time.

I don't know.

I wanted to go there with a syrup, but I couldn't because I didn't have any money on me. You guys lost my debit card. So what was the like initiating event of like you show me this whole sequence I kind of had like you're looking up the email you're going to QuickBooks.

The mom texted me when I was on the beach yesterday and said, which is probably an issue too, that my cell phone is on the website, but we're going to manage that. I just bought new cell phones for the business and watches and stuff. But the mom texted me yesterday on the beach and said, hey, I'm trying to sign my son up. His codes are not working. Can you look into it?

And it's getting to a point where there's just too many members for me. I remember most of them. I know most of them. I go to a lot of the events, even if I'm not the person working them. But it's getting hard for me to remember everyone's funding and what's been going on.

I just said, okay, let me get back to you. But then I, because I knew, all right, I gotta go in and look things through and then get back to her. Yeah, okay, I see. And it would be nice if it was all just in one one spot. I think what you're describing is it would be nice to have everything in one spot. You can just look up the customer.

Something where you can just manage everything from this one platform, right and there's um There's some that exist already like this is one of them. It's called like Monday. There's another one HubSpot is familiar. A lot of people use HubSpot. It can start getting expensive, especially if you want to be automating a lot of tasks, right? Because I was looking at, for example, this thing where let's say you update the customer.

And you want it to, you know, tell Eventbrite to do something and also send the email automatically. Basically tell mom, oh, we updated this and it can be done automatically. But it's going to be like however many events there are. So there's like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 events. And then it's so let's call it. That's so the way that this is billed might start getting really expensive.

Cause if that's like seven, I don't know how many times you do that per day, something like that per day. Like how many times would you say that you do something like that per day?

It depends on what day it is. Okay. I'm about to hire someone to do it. Yeah. So I was gonna have her... Right now I hired her for five hours a week. But it just depends. Like, one day I'll do that four times. I would not say it's more than 750 tasks a month.

Okay, and like in a task yeah, so a task is one step like one step in the chain, right So yeah, like that would be like seven tasks so you'd say it would be You're doing that less than a hundred times a month.

You think? Like something and it doesn't have to be that specific workflow could be other kind of similar things where it's like things that you're kind of doing that are 7 x 7 goes into 100, like, how many times? Well, I'm saying like if you did 100 x 7.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. So like 14 a day that we'd be saying. Fourteen of those a month. Saying like the whole process you went through. I'm just saying the process you went through, everything you described, right? If that process is that being done a hundred times a month, something like that whole chain, is that being done like a hundred times a month, something like that?

So that would be about three times a day. Yeah, yeah, exactly.

It's a tough call, but no. Because we're not counting the ends, and that would be... Three times a day, times seven days a week, that would be 21 clients a week, right? And then times four, that would be like 85 clients a month. No, I don't need to manage 85 clients a month. Okay, okay. And that includes like people like registering like when someone signs up or signs up for an event signs up for your company in general.

Like what is the process is that also kind of a pretty manual process where? Someone signs up and you have to kind of in put all this information in these different things Mm-hmm Because I mean because I think that's like the where I was showing Right, and like I'm considering the process of that this like stuff like that as well and it's like stuff like that stuff like what you described where you have to change the code.

or give them a new code, all that kind of stuff. So, the onboarding process is really, I just did that this morning with someone new. And so I guess that's two people today already. I don't know how many people I just like keep doing it. But I what I do is I create a client in QuickBooks.

I put their name in, I put their UCI, if I have it, I put a parent email, if I have the parent email, their FMS, who their FMS is. Are they, what program they're in, social rec, self-determination. So I set that up in QuickBooks as a new customer. Okay, I see.

And then once they're set up as a new customer, then I keep taking notes in there and I think that I think that's how it goes. But maybe there's a way to send them a form and then that just. Here's our onboarding form, you know, and they're doing that there's yeah, there's certainly a way to send them Yeah, there's definitely a way to send them a form. Okay. I mean I've done stuff like this but like for

Like a doctor, right, where it's like, uh, if you I don't know if you see this screen here, but it's like It's kind of like a form where you you enter in a form. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah something like this Sorry, I'm just trying to show you. Yeah, and like you kind of go through and you can you put all this stuff in and it will automatically intake the patient.

And all that data will be available in his database. It will get sent automatically to his email, for example. That's just one part of the process. In your case, right? Because in his case, he just wants to get this data into his database and that's it. But like you, yeah, we could have the patients kind of onboard themselves.

And then that data could get sent to QuickBooks. It could get sent to whatever else you need it to go to. Like, I guess for signing up for tasks. Signing up for tech like like events on Eventbrite How does that how do you connect that with who you with what's on QuickBooks?

It's, I, it doesn't, it doesn't connect. So like, do you manually do like they sign up on Eventbrite, right? That's how they sign up for an event. Yeah. And they sign up, they sign up. After the funding has come through, so they have a code that they just sign up for free until that code runs out. The QuickBooks portion of it has more to do with the funding that gets them that code. I see.

So it's not integrated when they're signing up the thing. The only thing that's manual or automated is just that their code for, oh, here's an example of something like if you could automate, I'd be so excited. So I, I should I share my pricing with you and show you the pricing? Would that help you? I think it's helpful. Yeah, I mean, yeah. Okay, let me show you and I can send you all the stuff. I'll send you notes on like

Self-determination and social rack and stuff too so that you have a better understanding Okay, let me show you you can am I still sharing or do I need to share? You have to share again Okay, let me go back here. So let me show you our pricing because basically people

It's too confusing. These guys have special needs, right? So I need to make things as simple as possible. So let's go over to... Where am I going to get forms?

I keep a lot of stuff in docs, by the way. But, let me see, pricing...

So here's what people get if they ask about our pricing. Okay, I feel like I've kind of seen this just based on the event, right? Like seeing the prices on there. Oh, did you look up you look I looked through but I didn't really say I don't think I really saw the membership pricing Yeah, so we have like this is on our website, but we have memberships and bundles So the top part is kind of like people can purchase these

Our price is $1,000 for five class passes, but they're typically $225 each. What we'll do with premium events now is I have to go in after each premium event and adjust people's codes manually. So they sign up with their regular code, and I just go in and take off two classes. The way that it's helping is because when I go take them off a lot of times it'll be their last two or they'll be down to three and then I email the caregiver and say hey, I'm

I just wanted to let you know you have this many classes left in case you want to ask for more funding. But I want to know, can we automate it so that those are taken off for premium events? Somehow, I don't know, maybe it's not through Eventbrite anymore. Maybe they're buying classes through another system. But when they when they go into Eventbrite, it's taking.

They have multiple codes and it's taking out of different codes. So ideally they're buying premium passes and so they'd have a different code and it's like their first name, initial, last name, and then. P, P, a P, premium. Okay, and I guess my question is, does it have to be different codes?

Is that necessary? Like, they can't just have one balance on their account. It has to be different. Like, if they get a certain amount of funding from Regional Center, could it just be they get this all-in-one balance and they can disperse the balance as they...

Please, or does it have to be different codes for a specific reason? It would be wonderful for that to disperse like that. Absolutely.

Especially for the social rec clients, other than when they sign up for the gold membership.

So the gold membership's kind of a deal, because it's like, okay, $7.50 a month, but you can come to everything. Okay? So the silver membership is still out there, but the silver membership no one really signs up for and it doesn't really make sense. So maybe I have to take that off.

I'm going to redo my pricing in the new year. But the so yes that would be excellent. I don't know how I would do that. On Eventbrite, but if you know how to do that, that would be excellent. Like if someone had a balance of... They were funded $1,500 and the cost of these classes is coming off.

As they're signing up, that would be awesome. Well, because I guess what I don't really understand is why wouldn't it just be one code instead of... Because Eventbrite doesn't do it. Is it because Eventbrite does it by number of events instead of... By price? I don't even know how Eventbrite is set up the way that I did it on Eventbrite. So let's say someone's funded $1,500 for six months.

And they want to buy five semi-private classes right here. And then they want the other $1,000 to go toward the $75 classes. I just give them two codes because then when they're signing up for golf They're only getting five classes for 500 versus how many?

Classes would they get if they were at price at 75 each Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, it makes sense But so but I don't know So the classes, since they're priced differently.

I can't just say, here's your code with this many classes, because then if they start going to golf, I'm charged so much for the golf, and I'm losing money. Charging them 75 for golf. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I see what you're saying. But if they... Yeah, I think we could make it where... I think we can make that...

The balance just depreciates with what they spend. Yeah, go ahead. But do you see like the membership? Yeah. Yeah, I see. Okay. Yeah, I see Okay

So I think we can share together unless I do see I'll stop my share.

Okay. Can you see this? Yeah.

I don't know. I'm sharing. I don't know what's wrong.

Let me try again.

Can you see? It says that you started sharing, but here we go. OK. Got it. OK. So, yeah, there are totally platforms that exist already where we can kind of centralize everything into into one, I guess. The thing for me that I'm like, I know, yeah, like we said, we don't want to reinvent the wheel. Right. But I also don't think, you know, we need like, we don't need to. Oh, wait, I don't mind reinventing the wheel, like of my system, if it makes it better.

I don't mind. Like, I think my system is really clunky. And it was like what I had. Yeah, um, yeah, no, but I'm saying like, let's say someone else already made it, right? And it takes care of what we're describing. That's what I'm saying. But I think at the same time, we don't want to, we don't need to, you know, get like a semi truck to pick up the groceries. Right? Like there's this big, this huge platform, something like this, like Monday.

It starts getting pretty expensive, and if we just need simple things like this that we know and we can add on as we go... I kind of put together a little, just like coded this up to kind of show you an example. I didn't even know exactly what you're talking about. But what I was thinking is something like, you have this kind of dashboard on your website, right?

Go search up your clients. I don't know if there's anyone specific. We could look up like Hannah. We can like search her up, click on the customer. And then in here, you would kind of be able to manage everything. Right. So I mean, we'd have like like what I'm saying is like having a balance.

Right. They would have a balance. And you can also get, you know, you can see everything that they did across different platforms in one thing, right? So we could get like, oh, any emails that came in from this client. which would show up here. Any, anything like an event, right? Any events they're signed up for, will show up here, right? When we, invoices, right? We can have QuickBooks invoices here.

And I think we can have it all automated to where it can all be managed through here, through one central platform. And we can still, if you have everything set up on Eventbrite and QuickBooks, I think it could make sense. I don't know, are you paying subscriptions for these things?

Yeah, how I mean, I guess it depends on how much how much you're paying, right? Like, I don't know if it's something you just want to keep because it's totally possible to Just connect to these platforms that already exist and pull it all into one spot instead of having to change your system entirely. Spencer, hold on one second. I have.

I have someone at my door. Hold on. Go for it.

OK, go ahead. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, I don't remember exactly what I was saying, but basically the idea is right. It's all centralized on this one thing. Right. And like even things like. Let's say I want to create just an event in general. I pulled your upcoming events into here, right? But we could see our upcoming events. We could click on an event and see it in this specific...

platform, all the all the users or all the customers. And I think there's just a lot you could do in one spot, which would really simplify things for you. Right. And again, let's say I have an event here. Right. We have this like mini golf and dinner at Peli's coming up.

Right. I could just click a button. For example, and it would just send out an email like reminder email to everybody or say we want to send out a text message To everybody that's coming to this event. We would have it where You know, we have events like this, but let's say we could also go to the client

And we could see the client is signed up for this, this thing. Right. So like, I know you had like your codes, right? Like I have it kind of coded differently, but we would put it in line with how your codes are. We could say like, all right, this this person, Abigail, is signed up for this event. Right. And so we could view it either by event and like see it on like an organizational level. Or we could see like.

at a customer level, all the specific stuff, right? And we could have it where- Well, I mean, yeah. I mean, this is like exactly what I want. This is, because I want, I just don't know how to get it there, but we'd probably have to do a little back work.

Like, what am I asking on Eventbrite? You know, making sure we have the right emails on Eventbrite and making sure that we can switch everybody over and say, here's how much money you have left. I don't know how we change it to money in Eventbrite or.

I don't know how that works. Because if you already have it on Eventbrite where it has however many passes on this code they have, we could just like do math. Monetize that. Yeah. Just do math and pull it all in automatically for each. We could kind of just do for each like I could just write the code like for each client you have this X amount of money, right? And then it just pulls straight into this database.

And right, we could have it where, like I said, we have kind of this like intake form and that intakes them into the system as a client and then everything can be done. through here. I think this is definitely very, very doable. I think the questions are just going to be kind of logistical at this point, like how exactly do we do it? What exactly?

is your like budget. I know. Yeah, well, you you'll have to tell me your pricing and stuff like how much you charge and Yeah, I mean, I think I mean, I think I'll have to scope it out a little more. But I think for something like this, even like this is something that I'm very passionate about. I actually work with like autistic children.

If you ever want to work events too, let me know. Obviously, I want to get paid for the work I'm doing, but it's something where it's like, I am actually passionate about this, and if I can help out just by helping your system, helping in this way. It's something I want to help out with, you know, so I'm not I don't want to be like nickel and diming you but um I'll have to I'll have to think more about everything we talked about it I think you have a good overview right now. Like you would kind of understand I think it was helpful that you saw me go through that email.

That was great. That was a So, why don't you think about that? Write me a proposal for what you think it would take. Do you want me to send over anything for you? Any information that would help you maybe send over the self-determination, you know, that like a little document telling you the difference between those two paths and what happens with them or do you pretty much get it?

I mean, if you could send me that, that would be great. Whatever you think could be helpful. Okay. I mean, I've got a... I hope you don't mind, I have like an AI kind of... Listening on this conversation. So it's kind of like transcribing everything we're talking about so I can kind of go back and Like look through so I think we talked a lot about a lot of the big stuff and I think that'll be

Helpful to have this to review but whatever you think would be helpful to to send over would be great The more the better right and okay And then I'll just look for your proposal, but I definitely, I'm just even wondering like should I train Nicole before we do this or should I wait till we do this and then train her after?

What are you thinking in terms of a time frame? Let's say we start this project, when would you want to have it? Is this something that you want urgently done? We can take a little more, we want to space it out a little more. I mean, I think it depends on what you're looking for. I would like it, I would like to, I mean, I would like it to be done as soon as we can get it done because

It's taking a lot of time to manage all of this, and it's taking away from my ability to actually do the work I want to do. I want to train somebody else to be able to do my administrative stuff, but I feel like there needs to be a system in place before that's done.

Yeah, yeah. I almost think, like, do I even...

Do I even...

train Nicole before we do this. I don't know. Yeah, I mean, I think it would help. I mean, either way, if you train her now, like it would, She'd be very familiar with the system for sure, and then when we move over she might understand the system better, but it's up to you on how much you want to spend training whatever time.

I think I can't really say, like, don't train her now. I think it probably makes sense to train her, but...

I don't know, I think, because I think I also need to figure out, is this something we want to kind of code from the ground up, or is there a platform out there that exists? Because what I'm kind of showing you here is something that I kind of made on my own.

And it kind of has, because I'm making it very specific to kind of what you already told me. And I think like, now that we, I have a better idea, I can make it even more specific. The thing is like these other platforms, they have, It has been edited to include proper punctuation.

It has been edited to include proper punctuation. And like I think The thing is like like I said like this analogy of like a semi truck taking the grocery so it's like there's so many tabs in here There's so much going on in these platforms that it's like, I don't know if you can if you can limit it up a little bit, but it's like there's just too much going on for what you're kind of describing. It seems it seems like this is like

For huge organization level kind of stuff and I'm sure there's platforms that exist Businesses but even like these small ones. It's like I mean, I don't know how much you're trying to Trying to pay, right, but there's some that's like, I mean, it's like $100 a month for this and then like if you want to automate it, because because the automation doesn't come in the serum, you would have the automation.

Pulling everything to the CRM. So it would be like kind of two layers of you know this back end that you're not seeing where everything's being sent off in this front end where you know you're manually interacting with it. I think this is something that I could code all of it myself. And so the question just comes down to can we make it cheaper than what it would cost to...

Put it into one of these big yeah, that's basically the question here. All right Well, I'll leave that up to you since you you know, it's kind of the expert. Let me know, you know what I can do Yeah Help you have the most information that you can have to make it what it needs to be. It's definitely, see if I want to replicate this in other places, I need to have systems like this. It can't just be me kind of going in hodgepodge and that's one of my

goals for the business for this year, is to create more refined systems of how we're managing clients, okay? So this is a big deal and I do think it was providential that Steve met you because you know, I knew it was like kind of on my junk it to look for someone maybe going up work, but it's definitely better to, you know, meet someone and have kind of a little bit of a reference point. Yeah.

So I think the next step, typically with your clients, would be you would send them some kind of proposal. Yeah, I would usually send an estimate, kind of like a range of what I'm thinking the project is going to cost. I don't know if you have any numbers in mind on what you want to spend, because it also depends on how much do we want to do. Maybe I'll send you the estimate and you can let me know what you think. You don't have to tell me anything now.

Yeah, maybe give me different ranges. Like, here's this that'll get you here for this much. Here's this that'll get you here for this much. And here's this. All right. Yeah, we can do that. You know, and then I can just kind of look at what, because I have a super small business.

I mean, I started this with $750. So, like, you know, I mean, we're four years in, but I'm still, I'm still a very small business and I'm, you know, doing my best with what I have to serve all these guys. It's just so fun. Like, I just feel like. It keeps growing because, um, like it's like, I've been reading that book, grit, you know, and it talks about people finding their passion and I don't.

Honestly, I'd probably rather design a clothing line, which might be next. But I just think, like, this has always been kind of... If anyone knows me, one of my talents is throwing parties and making things kind of wacky and fun. So it's like using who I am for a population that doesn't have that. And I just want them to have a life. And I think they're starting to have life and friends and a network.

It's super cool and fun. But I'm always willing to pull in experts where I'm not like I had to hire a consultant for a workshop I'm doing who's a social thinking consultant because I'm not gonna pretend that I'm a social thinking expert, you know Yeah, so it's definitely important to pull in professionals when I need to

And I value it so So, why don't you send me your proposals different levels different pricing levels and what you think is fair and you know And then also if you're interested in working events, I can also send you like my assistant You know what the description of like an assistant at an event is in a lead. Everyone starts as an assistant, but it'll pay.

If you're interested, you could start working with StaySocial on that level, too. It's neat because it's kind of like the gig economy. I just send up a sign-up once people are trained and onboarded. And you just kind of pick and choose what you feel like going to. Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that would be cool. I'd be interested in checking it out. Yeah.

Okay, so I'll do that too. So anything else I'll just send you over a little quick summary of like self-determination and Social rec. I know you have your AI assistant listening, which I'm totally gonna do. You're gonna have to teach me how to do this

I'll also send you over the descriptions and then you can just email me any quick little questions like, how do you do this? What was this? Or whatever you want to. Sounds great. That sounds perfect. Yeah, and you don't have to get into my QuickBooks or anything yet. No, no, no, not yet. That'll be later. If we keep going. But eventually, yeah, we would need to, obviously.

Get into it, but even signing up, I won't even need like your username and email. There should be like what's called API keys, which is going to be like a key where I can basically make requests. We can figure that out more down the road. Okay, that's not my language. Yeah, we'll figure that out. It was nice meeting you, Spencer.

I'll hear from you within the next few days, or... Yeah, yeah, I'll definitely have you something sent, what's today, Tuesday? Definitely by the end of the week, probably sooner. But definitely by the end of the week. Okay, sounds good. Take care. Thanks for meeting. Yeah, thanks for having me. Bye.